added note in the service.md (#44729)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/services-networking/service.md

[headless Services](#headless-services).
{{< /note >}}

> {{< note >}}

Reviewer: I would write a normal paragraph, not a note.

If the external service has a valid domain name and you don’t need port remapping, 

> then using the `ExternalName` service type is convenient to map the external 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
then using a Service of `type: ExternalName` is convenient to map the external 
```

service to an internal one. Otherwise,

> add the IP addresses to an `EndpointSlice` and use that instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
add the IP addresses to an EndpointSlice and use that instead.
```

> {{< note >}}
> If the external service has a valid domain name and you don’t need port remapping, 
> then using the `ExternalName` service type is an easy and quick way to map the external 
> service to an internal one. If you don’t have a domain name or need to do port remapping, 
> add the IP addresses to an `EndpointSlice` and use that instead.
> {{< /note >}}
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{{< note >}}
If the external service has a valid domain name and you don’t need port remapping, 
then using the `ExternalName` service type is convenient to map the external 
service to an internal one. Otherwise,
add the IP addresses to an `EndpointSlice` and use that instead.
{{< /note >}}

```

Reviewer 2: small nits @swastik959

Author: @Ritikaa96 done
